= Headline/Strapline
Rails Dojo
Introduction to Ruby on Rails

= Is Rails any good? / Hook

Do you want to:
   save time and frustration learning Rails ?
   quickly turn your idea into a web app ?
   
If so, learn how in my 1-day, intensive, live-coding training course. 

Ruby on Rails is a breakthrough in lowering the barriers of entry to 
programming. Powerful web applications that formerly might have taken weeks or 
months  to develop can be produced in a matter of days.

Tim O'Reilly, Founder of O'Reilly Media

= Here's what you'll learn

We'll build 2 full-featured apps from start to finish: a Twitter clone and a Reservation system.

Along the way, you'll learn how to:
   Deploy your app to Heroku
   Share your code Github
   Automatically test your application
   Easily navigate the ruby & rails documentation
   
All tuition is through live coding. Students are in a line facing a projector with my computer screen. I lead - you follow. Get your questions answered immmediately.

There are maximum of eight students per class.

= Who's giving this course

My name is Keith McDonnell. I want to bring the fun & joy of Rails. I've been working for 10 years in the software industry. Since 2006, I've been a freelance Ruby on Rails developer and instructor. 

I've built sites such as Cox & Cox, WhiteLabelDating.com, Plazes.com . Also, I've devised and taught CIW eCommerce Rails courses at Dorset College, Dublin.

You can find my open source work on github and here's my CV (or resume).

= What level of programming experience do I need?

You don’t need to have any prior experience with Ruby or Rails. You'll get the most out of the course if you understand HTML, CSS, and basic programming. 

Before the course starts you'll receive preparatory material to help you get the most out of the course.


= Where is the course?

Bonhill House, Liverpool St. , London
http://www.etcvenues.co.uk/venues/bonhill-house

Direction
http://www.etcvenues.co.uk/userfiles/file/BonhillHousebrochure.pdf

= When is the course?

The course runs on Saturday, 4th June from 09:30 - 17:00.

09:30 Welcome, Introduction & setup
10:00 Build reservation system
13:00 Complementary Lunch
14:00 Build Twitter clone
17:00 Wrap up


= What do I need to bring? 

Just you and your laptop. I'll send you detailed set-up instructions before the course starts.

We also provide drinks & refreshements througout and a complementary lunch.


= What will I get from this course?

This is intensive hands-on training. You will never have learned as quickly as this before. You'll have the skills and experience to quickly turn your idea into a application.

If you need help after the course, we'll answer your questions our private mailing list.

You'll come away from this course able to build apps faster than you ever have before.

Also, you'll join the some of the worlds best developers AND getting into the hottest job market right now.

 
= Call to action

The next course runs on Saturday, June 4th from 09:30 to 17:00.

Register with your email address here:

Or contact me directly by email: keith@dancingtext.com or phone: 077 4955 7230.

Sign up NOW for the Early bird discount.

Students are welcome to re-take the course FREE any time in the next 3 months (pending availability).

Rails logo
CIW logo